feat(ingest/databricks): ingest hive metastore by default, more docs (#9601)
datahub-project/datahub: metadata-ingestion/docs/sources/databricks/unity-catalog_post.md

#### Advanced

##### Multiple Databricks Workspaces

> If you have multiple databricks workspaces <b>that point to the same UC metastore</b>, our suggestion is to use separate recipes for ingesting Hive Metastore catalog and Unity Catalog information schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple databricks workspaces **that point to the same Unity Catalog metastore**, our suggestion is to use separate recipes for ingesting the workspace-specific Hive Metastore catalog and Unity Catalog metastore's information schema.
```

To ingest Hive metastore information schema
- Setup one ingestion recipe per workspace
- Use platform instance equivalent to workspace name
- Ingest only hive_metastore catalog in the recipe using config `catalogs: ["hive_metastore"]`

To ingest Unity Catalog information schema
- Disable hive metastore catalog ingestion in the recipe using config `include_hive_metastore: False`
- Ideally, just ingest from one workspace

> - To ingest from both workspaces (e.g. if each workspace has different permissions and therefore restricted view of catalogs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To ingest from both workspaces (e.g. if each workspace has different permissions and therefore restricted view of the UC metastore):
```
